java c
BSAN2205   MACHINE   LEARNING   FOR   BUSINESS
Project   Plan
The course   BSAN2205   Machine   Learning for   Business   has three assessment items   including a Project   Plan, a   Project   Report and   Presentation, and a   School-based Take-home Assessment (weighted 20%,   50%, and 30%,   respectively). These   notes outline   my   expectations for   the   Project   Plan and   introduce the context for the   project   work. I   intend the   Plan or   proposal to   be   a   formative   piece of assessment. The   Plan should set the groundwork for your   project   and   project report. I will   provide feedback on your   Plan that you   can   incorporate   into   your   project.
Background and Context
In competitive   markets,   businesses face the challenge of acquiring and   retaining   customers.   Consider subscription services, for   example, subscriptions to digital   editions   of   newspapers   and magazines, subscriptions to streaming services   (film and television,   music,   news,   sport,   etc.),   and subscriptions to cable television services   (Foxtel). Other   businesses face the same   challenges,   for   example, airlines,   banks,   insurance companies, telecommunication companies, and   retailers,   restaurants,and   personal services   businesses. One   retention strategy   is to deepen   relationships   with customers through “upselling” – convincing a customer to   buy something   in   addition   to   or   more   expensive than that they   have   previously   purchased from a   business. Streaming services   like   Netflix and Spotify strive to   build customer “engagement” –   increasing the   number of downloads   and/or the time spent streaming.
Bank   marketing   provides the specific context for the   project. Like   many   consumer   businesses,   banks   confront the   challenges of attracting   new customers and   retaining   existing   customers. Strategies   for   retaining customers   provides the setting for the   project. For   banks, engagement   is   reflected   in the number of   products   (active accounts)   customers   maintain. Often   retention strategies   have the   goal   of deepening engagement   by encouraging customers to open   new   accounts. Consolidating   accounts   with one   rather than   many   banks   may offer consumers some   benefits at the   margin. For   example, highly engaged customers   maybe offered   lower   rates on   loans, access   to   services   for   which they   do   not   have to   pay   (at   least,   not   directly), and   minimising the overall   burden of   managing   multiple banking   relationships. For   banks, the   benefits of   more   highly engaged   customers   are   larger   and   more stable cash flows,   lower   marketing expenses   (with the costs   of   attracting   a   customer   higher than the   costs   of   retaining a customer,   per customer   relationship economics),   and thus   potentially   higher   profits.
Before   moving on,   I would   like you to   appreciate that in   problems   in   business   can   be   solved through   effective   predictive   models of   binary outcomes. The decision to   purchase or   not   purchase   shares   in a company, to acquire or   merge with another   business,   to   hire   or   not   hire   a   prospective   employee, etc. All of these decisions   involve   binary outcomes   (in some   cases, they   can   be   characterised   as   “go/no go” decisions).    The specific focus   of the   project is customer   acceptance   of   a   marketing   offer,   but the   concepts and   models   have   much   broader application.
Aims of the   Proposal
The   Project   Plan   has two   broad aims. Firstly, the   Plan   is a   marketing   document. Second,   the   Plan   is   a   roadmap. As a   marketing document, the   Project   Plan   must sell the   project to   the   stakeholder(s) and/or client. Thus, the   Plan should emphasis the emphasis   of doing   the   project. As   a   proposal   or   “   roadmap,” the   Project   Plan should outline   in some detail the   likely   direction of the   project. This might include   identifying the   key variables and   methods of analysis.
Key Sections of the   Project Plan
More specifically, you   might consider   including the following sections   in your   Plan.
1.          Background   statement
2.          Conceptual development
3.         Variableselection
4.          Methods of   analysis/analysis   plan
5.            Form. of the   results
6.          Nextsteps
In the   background statement   (section   1), you   may wish to sketch out the   initial   motivation for the   study. This   might include   reference to the   keystakeholder(s) and/or client. I   recommend targeting   the   proposal at a   (hypothetical) client to   bring a degree   of   realism   to   project   and   to   help   focus   the   project (for example, you could contextualise the   study   with   reference   to   an   Australian   bank). In   this   section, also   make sure to sell the   project. What   are the   likely   benefits   of   doing the   project,   what   new   insights do you anticipate and   how will these   improve decision   making   for   example?
You   might find value   in a section 2 that   outlines the   conceptual framework   for your   project   work. If   you focus your   project on   customer engagement with   banks, for example, you   might give   some   thought to advantages to   banks and their customers from greater   engagement   and the   process that   might drive customers to   respond favourably to a   bank’s   marketing efforts. My   preference   is you   use your own commonsense and   logic to define the   key   concepts and   to   develop   a   rationale   for   their   links.    Ido   not expect a   review of the   literature,   but you   might find   some   desk   (Google)   research   helpful   in   identifying   past studies that   have explored similar   issues to the ones you   are.      A   boxes and arrows diagram   might   help to illustrate the   core   concepts   and   relationships.
The section on variableselection   is   probably the   key section   (section 3). Be very   specific   about the variables you   intend to study. In the social   science tradition,   much   emphasis   is   placed   on   explaining   why the variables selected for study   have   been selected – the focus   is explanation   rather   than prediction. This   is   less the case with the data science   paradigm with   its focus   on   prediction   –   business analysts/data scientists   may wish to specific a   (initial)   model that   includes   all   of the   possible   feature variables. My   minimum expectation for this section   is that   you   provide   some   description   of the output and feature variables you intend 代 写BSAN2205 MACHINE LEARNING FOR BUSINESSSPSS
代做程序编程语言to study,   and   why   these   feature   variables.
Section 4 outlines the   methods of analysis. Here   I   would you   to   be   specific   about   the   models   you   might   use to analyse the data. You   may   have completed the   course   BSAN2204   Methods   of   Business   Analytics. A focus of that course was   predicting a   numeric   output variable   (“song   hotness”)   using   linear   regression. For this course   (BSAN2205   Machine   Learning for   Business), our target   variable   is categorical: it   records whether   customers opened or   did   not open   a   new   account   in   response   to   the   Bank’s   marketing efforts.    My expectations for   section   4   are that   you   can   identify   an   appropriate   statistical   model(s) for analysing the data, state something   about the   assumptions   of the   model,   and   perhaps   list the   key steps   in employing the   model.    You could also   write   out   the   specific   model   you intend estimating   (write out the   regression equation, for example, with   reference to they-   and x-   variables).
Section 5 – form. of the results – should give   an   indication   of what the   outputs   might   look   like. You could do   mock-up   of the   results.    You   could also say that you will   document the   results   in   PowerPoint format and   present them verbally. The   nextsteps section concludes the   proposal. Here   you   might   remind the client of the core   benefits and   indicate you   need to   initialise the   project   (final         client sign-off, for example). You could also add   a   timeline   or   perhaps   Gantt   chart   (timetabling   the key activities, when you will do them, and   identifying   any   critical   paths). At this   stage,   refrain   from   doing any statistical analysis of the   data –   save the   analysis for   the   project   reports.      Use   the   Plan   to develop some general   knowledge of the   models you   intend to   use   and sketch   out   your   best   plan for   the analysis you intend to   implement.
The final section of your   Plan   might address   nextsteps   (Section 6). You   can   briefly   restate the   main   motivation for your   Plan and   highlight the   key “nextsteps.”   Remember the   Plan is a   marketing   document –   perhaps   remind the   reader of the   Plan that this   project is an   important one   and   should   be completed   now.
The   Bank   Marketing   Dataset
The   project work for this Semester   uses the   Bank   Marketing dataset. Several   variations   of the   dataset exist. There   is one variation available from the   UCI   Machine   Learning   Repository   and another variation on   Kaggle. We will   use the version of the   dataset   available from   Kaggle   (with   some   minor variations).    Owned   by Google,   Kaggle   is an online   community   of   business   analysts   and   data   scientists. Users can freely   upload and download   data   to   and from   the   site   (kaggle.com).      Kaggle   runs competitions often sponsored   by third   parties.      I encourage you   to   explore   the   Kaggle   website   and join the   Kaggle community. Kaggle   is a great   place for those   with   an   interest   in   machine   learning.
I   have downloaded the dataset from   Kaggle,   introduced some further variations, and   placed   the dataset to the   Blackboard site.    Please   use this version of the   dataset for   your   project.      Appendix   A   provides a   list of the variables   in the   Bank   Marketing dataset,   including   brief descriptions. The target   or output variable   is customers’   responses to a   recent   marketing campaign   run   by the   Bank   (the   Bank   being a   European   bank, specifically, a   Portuguese bank). The   data   is   real-world   data   offered   freely   by the   Bank to the   data science community.    The data consists   of   21   variables   (the target   variable and 20 feature variables) and observations on   approximately   40,000   customers   targeted   with a   particular   marketing campaign. The output variable   is a   binary   categorical variable   –   customers   responded to the   marketing campaign   by either opening a   new   account   or   not. The   20   feature variables   include a   mix of variables   reflecting customers’ characteristics   (age,   education,
etc.), the   nature and status   of their existing accounts   with the   Bank   (type   of   accounts,   accounts   in debit, etc.), variables describing the campaign   (number of   customer   contacts   during   the   campaign),   and socio-economic variables   (consumer confidence, etc.).    The feature variables area   mix of categorical and   numeric variables.
Given the output variable   is a   (binary) categorical variable you should   explore   model   forms   other   than   linear   regression. As a starting   point,   I   recommend you fit a   logistic   regression   model to the   data and subsequently   use tree-based   methods. A comparison of these   methods   could   bean   important of your overall   project (logistic   regression vs decision trees).      Further, you   might explore   ensemble   methods to enhance your   implementation of tree-based   methods. We will cover these methods   in the coming weeks!
Submission Guidelines
The   Project   Plan   has a weight of   20   percent of your score for the   course.      Please   submit   your   Plan   in      the form. of a written Word document.      I   expect you   could   easily   write   2,000   words.    Try   not   to   write more than 3,000.    I will give   your   Plan   a   score   out   of   100.      I   will   also   provide   you   with   written   feedback.    When   marking the   Project   Plan,   I will   be   looking closely at the   links   between the   sections   as   much as what you write   in each   individual section.      For example,   the   background   statement   should set-up the   conceptual development that in turn should   set-up   the variableselection   etc. A   high scoring   Plan will   have a degree of   novelty to   it   (a   unique   and/or   compelling   contextualisation,   a   thoughtfully specified analysis   plan –   including appropriate   performance   metrics, etc.).      Finally, these   notes area guide only to   preparing your   Project   Plan.    You   may find other   ways to   present   it   that   are      more compelling,   more compact, and   more complete.      If   in   doubt,   do what   you   think   is   best.
I will separately   provide you with the   marking   criteria for the   Project   Plan.      Note they will   closely   follow the criteria of the   Project   Plan for the   course   BSAN2204   Methods of   Business Analytics.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
